Tying a shoelace: 1st step in tying a shoelace is to take both shoelaces and hold them up to make an 'X'. 2nd step is choose
either the left or right shoelace and wrap underneath the other shoelace, then pull tight. For the 3rd step take the right 
shoelace and wrap it around your thumb to form a bunny ear. Make sure to hold down the two shoelaces you just tightened so the 
knot does not get loose. 4th step is you hold the bunny ear you just made so you can take the left shoelace and wrap it around
the newly formed bunny ear. After that step there should be a hole where you can pull the left shoelace through that will start
to form a new bunny ear. Pull the left shoelace through until you feel the knot in the middle become tight. If done correctly
there should now be two bunny ears with a knot in the middle. Use the ends of the shoelaces to make the bunny ears bigger or 
smaller. That is how you tie a shoelace. 

The "Say Hi" program example: If the "Say Hi" part of the program never runs I would work backwards to find the part of the 
program that is still functioning properly. If the "User Clicks" part was still working okay, I would then check the "User name
input" section. In this example, since there is only three steps, it would be safe to assume the 'User name input' is the culprit.
I would solve that problem and continue to work forward from there. 

Problem solving example: Starting a car: Everyday before I start my drive to work I need to make sure the car will start. A roadmap
for this would look like, "Good Battery"--"Enough Gas"--"Inserting key into ignition"--"Turning key to start engine"--
"Engine turning over/starting". 
Now if the car does not start, starting backwards I would make sure I have the correct car key. If it is indeed the correct car
key, I need to make sure my car has enough gas to turn over. Usually by leaving the key in the "ON" position it will show
the fuel level. If it does not show the fuel level or make any sounds of any kind from the dash, I can move onto the next area 
which is "Good Battery". Without a good battery a car will not start nor will it show fuel lvl or notifications from the comp. 
If it is determined that is the problem, I can solve it by jumping the battery or towing it to the nearest auto parts store for
a new battery. 
